Everyone, nowadays, has heard about "surveillance networks" : they usually consist of a set of sensors, which are
supposed to detect a danger and send an alert. For instance, there are detection stations in regions exposed to
fire hazards (see our 2012-2013 Game : Fighting Fires in Siberia). Also, stations may detect a pollution in the air,
in the water, and so on, and send a signal. Another typical example is the one of sensors detecting dangerous gases
in coal mines.

In 2007, a disaster occured in Zasyadko, Donetsk region, and more than 100 miners were killed by a methane explosion.
It was thought that the network of sensors did not work correctly. SCM was consulted by the local authorities: could
we improve the safety of the network ? Our answer was that each sensor must be monitored permanently, using a comparison
with its neighbors. So one has to design a very dense network of sensors. And when this is done, double it, and when
this is done, double it again. This is a vital piece of equipment, and when people are 1,000 meters below the surface,
there is no room for mathematical optimisation.

In general, to each detection station is associated a "region", which is the set "seen" by the station. This region is
often a circle (or more exactly a disk), if the station sees equal-ly in all directions (this is the case for fire detections).
In other circumstances, it may be modified, for instance if one takes the winds into account (air pollution). In a river,
each station will cover a segment, upstream of the station.

No matter what the shape of the region is, people usually consider that the fewer sta-tions, the better, because these stations
are costly to buy, to install, to verify, and if we have fewer measurements, it will be easier to treat them. So, the question
of the covering of the territory by the stations usually reduces to a minimal covering problem. If each region is a disk, we
would determine the smallest number of disks covering the territory.

What the present Game shows is that this approach is completely wrong if one does not take into account (as one should !)
the possibility of false alarms. False alarms do exist in real life settings, and they are always neglected in the definition 
of a network of sensors. So the result is not correct in general.

One should take into account, also, the possibility of failure of each equipment. But, in the case which will occupy us here,
the failure has a very small probability.
